Texts from https://medvetpreventiva.com/page/formulador-de-dietas (the formulator we drew inspiration from)

Start practicing nutrition in a professional, practical way with the certainty that you are creating your patients' nutritional plans correctly.

    Calculate patient requirements and store all your nutritional consultation information in one place.
    Visualize diet deficiencies and excesses, adjusting them quickly
    Adapt diets to each patient by verifying nutrient contribution on a dry matter basis.
    Incorporate foods and supplements you work with.
    Enter commercial menus and verify each nutrient's contribution, cover deficiencies and balance quantities in cases of excess.
    Gain confidence and security when formulating

About the Formulador MVP

The Formulador MVP is an online application designed for veterinarians to create balanced homemade diets in a practical, organized, and precise way.

It features a simple and intuitive interface that allows you to formulate individualized nutritional plans based on the patient's metabolic weight requirements, following NRC standards. Some nutritional values and relationships have been adjusted according to the clinical criteria of veterinarian Trinidad Achterberg Barros.

What can you do with the formulator?

Centralize all your patient information

Store in one place:

    clinical data,
    nutritional plans,
    checkups,
    weight progression,
    and body condition photos.

Create balanced nutritional plans

Formulate natural diets adapted to each patient's individual needs, considering:

    nutritional requirements,
    pathologies,
    dietary preferences,
    and specific nutritional management goals.

Work with a wide food and supplement database

Access a customizable database with 450+ foods and supplements commonly used, organized by categories.

Includes:

    supplements commonly used in Argentina,
    products recommended by the author
    the ability to add foods and supplements manually, or automatically from the USDA database
    and multiple options to adapt plans for each patient.

Export nutritional plans to PDF

Easily print or send nutritional plans to your clients in PDF format.

Why work with an online application?

Your data always protected

All information is stored securely and only you can access it.

Compatible with any device

You can use the formulator from:

    computer,
    tablet,
    or smartphone,

regardless of the operating system or device age, as long as it has an internet connection.

Automatic and constant updates

The system is continuously updated, incorporating improvements and new features without the need for installations or manual interventions.

What is the formulator

It is a web application for veterinarians who specialize in natural nutrition.

It enables the creation of complete nutritional plans: raw, cooked, or mixed.

It is based on NRC guidelines, using requirements calculated from metabolic body weight recommendations.

It stores patient information along with body condition photos, nutritional plans, checkups, and more.
